The other thing I wanted to touch on are these selectors here, how should you name them?
Should you have a dash in there and
could you use app header, so a case sensitive name?
The answer is yes, you can use case sensitive selectors because since we're using the single file component,
we don't have this dom restriction that the dom is case insensitive.
If you were to use another template like with this template property where you pass the string or by
inferring the template with el as you learned it earlier in the course, you wouldn't have these restrictions because
there, we use the native dom as our template and when doing so, we have to respect the limitations of
the dom and not knowing about cases is one such limitation.
Here we are using a single file template or component
in this case and therefore it is getting compiled to javascript before it runs in the browser anyways.
Hence we can use case sensitive selectors because javascript is case sensitive and our template here
will be stored as a string kind of and therefore, this is not a problem.
So we could name this app header if we don't use a dash of course,
we could also remove the quotation marks and you will now see that if I change this to app header
up here too and I hit save, my server is still running and well we update this, it still works, we still
see the header.
The interesting thing is if I change this back to app header with a dash and I still have app header capital
case down there, you will see it still runs
that is because vuejs will automatically give us access to the
well hyphenated version of our selector here,
so by splitting it when we have such a capital case and giving us access to the same selector with a
dash in between.
But there is no reason to use that, if you want to have your selectors like this,
that's perfectly fine though.
It's pretty common to use a set up where you have dashes instead because in the end, that resembles the
normal html tags where you also have dashes and which of course are not case sensitive because the
dom isn't,
so here this is the classical set up you see
but I wanted to make you aware that you can use the other set up. And what you can always do is you can
simply rely on vuejs giving you this hyphenated version of the selector, like we saw before with
app header in camel case down there but using a dash in between up here. This is what vuejs does
automatically for you
and with that, you are able to maybe use this more Javascript like style with camel case, property names
in your javascript code while still using the dom style of having a dash in between in your template,
so that would be another option.
As a side note, with ES6 you also got the option to not have a property, not not have a value here but
only specify servers here
for example. What this will do is pick your servers variable or the object we're importing up here
and it will behind the scenes automatically create a key value pair where both is servers,
so this is what is done behind the scenes,
that's not vuejs,
this is ES6 which again we can use because it gets transpiled to ES5 in this workflow. So we could
use this shortcut,
then of course we would need to adjust our selector here and we can use servers with a lower case s
to let vuejs again do the
adjustment
behind the scenes and you see it still works
but now with this different selector, we'll use the shortcut of using the name of the property.
This of course has the disadvantage that we don't have app dash something or app something but only
servers which might not be a unique selector but I wanted to show you this option too.
Again the classic thing or the normal thing you do is you use these selectors like this with a dash
in between or like this and let vuejs enter the dash and always use the dash version of a selector
in the template but you don't have to.